experience

vfairs
customer success manager
august 2020 - present 10 months
aftab associates pvt. ltd
11 months
manager
april 2020 - august 2020 5 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan
deputy manager
october 2019 - august 2020 11 months
starcom
junior associate - client servicing
july 2016 - june 2018 2 years
experience

musharp
manager, customer success
february 2021 - present 4 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan
build strong relationships with customers and collaborate with cross-functional
teams
create and implement processes that would encourage exceptional support
and ensure success
understand customer requests, prioritize them, work together with colleagues
to establish solutions and ensure they are implemented to the customers
satisfaction within their slas.
generate reports and present them to highlight the success of the team
develop and manage client portfolios.
sustain business growth and profitability by maximizing value.
analyze customer data to improve customer experience.
mediate between clients and the organization.
handle and resolve customer requests and complaints.
troubleshoot problems and provide solutions
aid in product design and product development.
work on jira for efficient resource planning
conduct regular coaching and counseling with the team to build motivation and
up- selling skills.
page 1 of 7

provide timely feedback to the company regarding service issues, bug issues
or customer concerns
other projects, tasks and duties as assigned
quality resource pvt ltd
customer success lead
june 2020 - february 2021 9 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan

responsibilities:
- responsible for the on-boarding,performance and development of the
assigned customer success team
- troubleshoot problems and provide solutions
- handle complaints, provide appropriate solutions within time limits and follow
up to ensure resolution
- coordinate with the operations or enablement manager and director
to execute and implement success strategies that ensures attainment of
company sales goals and profitability
- provide timely feedback to the company regarding service issues, bug issues
or customer concerns
- prepare action plans by individuals, as well as by team for effective up-selling
and customer success
- assist in the development and implementation of success plan plans and
strategies as needed
- effectively communicate with internal and external partners to understand
training and development needs and to provide insight for the improvement of
the customer retention and success
- provide timely, accurate prospect applications submitted for pricing and
approval docusign, while striving to maintain maximum profit margin.
- maintain accurate records of all pricing, sales and activity reports submitted
by
- adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and
ensure that they are communicated and implemented within the team.
- ensure that the assigned team meets or exceeds all activity standards for
prospecting calls, emails,demo presentations and closes.
- set examples for the team in areas of personal character, commitment,
organizational selling skills and work habit.
- conduct regular coaching and counseling with the team to build motivation
and up-selling skills.
other projects, tasks and duties as assigned.
ibex | global pakistan
corporate trainer
april 2020 - june 2020 3 months
lahore district, punjab, pakistan
- authored, updated, and implemented training procedures.
- held online and conference call training sessions to accommodate off-site
employees.
- monitored employee progress and gave feedback to management and
additional training requirements.
- developed and led number of new hire batches training sessions for western
union.
- held demonstrations and one-on-one coaching sessions based on quality
assurance feedback.
- developed training programs to meet company objectives.
improved organizational efficiency and control by making sure the trainees that
go live don't get strikes and follow the 3 strike rule.
- conducted mock sessions with the trainees, to help them navigate the
system once they are live.
- conducted on the job training with any new western union updates.
keeptruckin
1 year 1 month
operations team lead
january 2020 - april 2020 4 months
lahore, pakistan
• assist with daily operations
• tracking loads and ensuring best service
• coach and counsel team members and help them grow
• develop relations with customers and carriers to ensure future business
• making sure the processes are followed through
• listening to calls and developing trainings to help team grow
• having team building exercises
• conducting refreshers, short trainings to ensure performance
load coverage representative
april 2019 - january 2020 10 months
lahore, pakistan
• finding carriers to haul available loads
• track the loads and making sure that the load reaches its full cycle
• handling inbound calls and sourcing trucks

• maintaining relationships with carriers and ensuring long term relations
• providing impeccable service to the customers and carriers to ensure
ongoing business
• multi tasking on several loads to ensure on time picks and deliveries
• keeping sales managers informed and updated throughout the process
ibex | global pakistan
sales executive
april 2018 - april 2019 1 year 1 month
lahore, pakistan
• handling inbound calls
• upselling to existing customers
• cross selling different providers on branded calls where applicable
• placing orders and scheduling installations
• meeting daily targets and fulfilling monthly targets
• working under pressure and performing well
digital-altitude
customer care call centre team lead
september 2016 - april 2018 1 year 8 months
• assists the manager with daily operation of the call centre to include the
development, analysis and implementation of staffing, training, scheduling and
reward/recognition programs.
• works as a member/leader of special or ongoing projects that are important
to area/process improvement.
• shares continual responsibility for deciding how to manage the employees,
ensuring calls are handled efficiently and effectively.
• uses appropriate judgment in upward communication regarding department
or employee concerns.
• taking inbound phone calls and answering general customer support
enquiries
• handling registrations for event attendees via phone or online
• outbound customer support calls
• general customer care and assisting with issues and questions
• listening to call recordings and creating individual trainings and
reinforcements and analysing the performance of the employees on weekly
basis
• any additional tasks that are assigned.

mobe.com
10 months
customer service center manager
july 2016 - september 2016 3 months
kuala lumpur, malaysia
responsible for instruction and communication with employees to ensure
customer service calls are answered in a timely, efficient, expert, and
knowledgeable manner.
assigns outbound calls to team and tracks prompt “callback” time
provides continual evaluation of processes and procedures.
responsible for suggesting methods to improve area operations, efficiency
and service to both inbound and outbound customers.
provides video recorded bi-weekly one-on-one staff training to sharpen sales
tactics, phone etiquette, hold time communication, proper verbiage, and
improving.
establishes work protocols and processes general office policies, breaks,
call log, attendance and schedule rosters, etc. that support the company and
departmental standards, procedures, and strategic directives.
provides statistical and performance feedback, and coaching on a regular
basis.
drafts and administers performance reviews for overall skill improvement.
is available for employees who experience work and/or personal problems
providing appropriate coaching, counseling, direction and resolution.
ensures employees have access to team meetings and  appropriate,
consistent team education sessions as well as other resources to perform in
their roles.
responds to and resolves any applicable employee relation issues.
creates and maintains a high-quality, positive work environment so team
members are motivated to perform at the highest level.
addresses disciplinary and/or performance problems according to company
policy.
prepares pip and communicates effectively with employees on pip and makes
effective/appropriate decisions relative to corrective action as required
posts sales goals and strategies to improve conversion rates and customer
retention
interviews, screens, trains, and educates all team members on fluency of
product knowledge and processes within the company
develops and updates company phone scripts, instructional videos, and all
related training and operational materials

customer service team leader
may 2016 - july 2016 3 months
- assists the manager with daily operation of the call center to include the
development, analyses and implementation of staffing, training, scheduling
and reward/recognition programs.
-works as a member/leader of special or ongoing projects that are important to
area/process improvement.
-shares continual responsibility for deciding how to manage the employees,
ensuring calls are handled efficiently and effectively.
-uses appropriate judgment in upward communication regarding department
or employee concerns.
-taking inbound phone calls and answering general customer support
enquiries
-handling registrations for event attendees via phone or online
-outbound customer support calls
-general customer care and assisting with issues and questions
-any additional tasks that are assigned
customer service representative
december 2015 - april 2016 5 months

responsibilities:

-taking inbound phone calls and answering general customer support
enquiries
-handling registrations for event attendees via phone or online
-outbound customer support calls
-general customer care and assisting with issues and questions
granada international school
assistant coordinator
november 2011 - march 2013 1 year 5 months
pakistan
responsibilities:
-  making daily, weekly, monthly and semester time tables
-  coordinating and managing class timings and classroom utilization
-  assisting with organizing school events and parent-teacher meetings
-  developing activity plans in coordination with teachers
-  help resolving time management issues and addressing concerns brought
forth by
student/parents
-  ensuring administrative processes are followed by staff
saadia mirza virtues
sales account executive
september 2010 - october 2011 1 year 2 months
pakistan
responsibilities:
-  meeting monthly sales targets
-  presenting weekly sales reports
-  building client relationships and managing calendar appointments
-  inventory management
-  overlooking partial supply chain and ensuring orders are met in a timely
fashion
qualified customer service and client relationship manager with over
5 years in fast-paced customer service experience and call center
environment.

experience
bzw
customer success manager
february 2021 - present 4 months
pakistan
ibex | global pakistan
customer service specialist
january 2020 - may 2021 1 year 5 months
mindbridge private limited
customer support specialist
may 2017 - january 2020 2 years 9 months
7 kashmir road,  opposite to lda plaza, shimla pahari lahore.
vector dynamix
senior sales executive
february 2017 - september 2017 8 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan

experience: 6 years
zero makeup 2019 – head of customer success e-commerce.
working on the following portfolios:
currently working.
 managing strong term relationship with customers by staying in constant communication and
efficiently resolving issues with alternate solutions tailored to individual needs.
 serving as a product, company, and industry ambassador.
 presenting weekly, quarterly and annual customer success reports to the board members and
ceo of the company that contributes the team effort by obtaining related results as needed.
 providing optimized brand experience, resolving customer issues proactively and ensuring
customers goals are met.
 evaluation of risk management for each customer and proactively evading dissatisfaction or lost
business.
 identifying and prioritizing product/service updates that reflects customers request, industry,
market and competitor trends and report to key stake holders
 providing insights and relaying the voice of customers to internal teams, including sales,
marketing, and product inventory technical support, operations, finance and logistics.
 delivering premium customer satisfaction for all queries coming in through socials, mobile, email,
chats, and other channels.
 24/7 active on crm, project management tools and analytics dashboard
 designing and coordinating the process of imports and exports of products by enabling direct
coordination with blue-ex dhl and tcs.
 organizing integral internal and external coordination with the kryolan germany
khaadi pakistan 2018 - cxp client experience and product specialist e-commerce.
worked on the following portfolios:
 managed liaising and negotiating with internationally based logistics and courier company such
as synergy uk, royal mail uk, and dhl usa.
 utilized modern product management by being a key contributor to the establishment of improved
product development processes
 formation of standard practices such as complaints and trouble shooting
 collaborating with cross functional team with consolidation of customer service, business
development, sales, marketing, technical and finance department
 determined customer contact strategy and targeting to derive engagement created systematic
process to measure customer requirement by using crm and csat process
 worked closely with product management team to deal with 3pl and maintained overall
operation system and process management.
rocket internet gmbh – daraz.pk 2015
team lead customer experience –
warrantors and returns working on the following portfolios:
 managing warranty team and warranty issues.
 designed warranty process and implemented.
 handling return issues.
 worked on returns process in order to provide timely refund to customers.
 coordination with brand infinix & innjoo stakeholders.
 controlling and monitoring the wip.
 records of receiving the claims.
 responsible to run the operation smoothly within policies and save time / money.
 handling warranty of different products.
 generate voucher codes.
 record details of inquiries, comments and complaints.
 communicate and coordinate with receiving and other internal departments.
 deal directly with 3pl.
 tracking on order deliveries from dms delivery management system.
 verify inventory available in stock.
 liaison between marketing and logistics department.
 working with issue resolution team.
 handling issues faced by customers and resolve them within a time frame.
 daraz.pk online store

customer support / digital media and chats support,
team lead of 14 employees.
 resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the
cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting
correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution.
 maintains financial accounts by processing customer adjustments.
 recommends potential products or services to management by collecting customer information
and analyzing customer needs.
 prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information.
 contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
 handling customers and everything related to them on every platform
  inbound/outbound support
 make inbound/ outbound calls to potential clients in order.
 perform data entry services for the company in regards to punching in customer information, call
logs and successful sales.
 answered telephone inquiries on products, and services.
 resolved problems of clients.
 also perform as an acting supervisor in some conditions.
 process and q.a
 over all operations system and process management
tpl tracker pvt ltd: 2014
i have worked as an operations executive on eitv project at tpl tracker pvt ltd on the
following portfolios:
 preparing trip records
 preparing reports
 monitoring and controlling assets
internship experience 2013
i have worked as an intern at askari bank ltd karachi on the following portfolios of banking:
 remittances and accounts
 clearing and deposits

experience
september 2019–present
customer services• team lead • mindbridge
may 2019–september 2019
customer services• representative • ibex
may 2018–april 2019
human resource• senior executive • style textiles
september 2017–may 2018
human resource• executive • medcare mso

▪ more than 5 years sales/marketing experience with b2b, b2c, & c2c business development strategies in
mechanical engineering industry for elevator & escalators services company.
▪ more than 6.6 years’ experience in customer services, crm for jazz telecom, formerly warid telecom pvt
ltd. & standard chartered bank, pakistan ltd.

career experience & achievements
greaves pakistan pvt ltd – ghulam farooq group of companies www.gfg.com.pk
sr. manager sales & operations – june 2020 to present
manager marketing – april 2015 to may 2020
warid telecom pvt ltd. currently jazz, pakistan www.jazz.com.pk
customer services representative – sep 2009 to march 2015
standard chartered bank pakistan ltd. www.sc.com
phone banking officer – oct 2008 to sep 2009
h.a.s engineers
operations & production officer – sep, 2007 – july, 2008
bank alfalah pvt ltd. www.bankalfalah.com
hr internee – 2008, 6 weeks

professional experience
jazz formally known as mobilink – feb’13 till date
specialist quality assurance
 ensuring better customer experience by evaluating customer interaction at contact
center
 identification of team’s and individual development areas through evaluations followed
by performance improvement plan for better customer experience
 one on one coaching session and trainings for low performers against highlighted areas
of improvement
 periodic review and update of processes, standard guidelines with latest changes and
requirements for better customer facilitation
 evaluation, coaching and mentoring of outbound teams to improve overall up-sell and
other assigned projects
 provided support to outsource partners in contact centre outsourcing project, added
value in transition phase by handling immediate issues and escalations
 developed performance management, analytical & training skills through current role
 period health checks, test calls, trend analysis and spot checks to gauge and improve
customer experience in specific scenarios
royal palm golf & country club lahore - feb' 12 to nov'12
sales & marketing executive
 membership sales and member services
 branding and marketing of venues at royal palm
 marketing and customer handling of super cinema
 managing cine club card project
rafi peer theatre workshop lahore - sept'10 to jun'11
marketing executive
 promoting & marketing the cultural centre’s activities and events that include the
puppet museum; arts & crafts shops; peeru’s café & bus project.
 managing national and international festivals.
 successfully managed the 9th youth performing arts festival 2010
 worked on international sufi mystic festival and international puppet festival
 managing the company’s facebook page
mobilink gsm lahore - dec’07 to sep'10
customer care executive
 responded to client initiated inquiries about company’s products and services.
 promoted and sold company’s products and services through outbound calls.
 ensured that efficiency targets were achieved.
 provided quick solution to customer complaints.
 ensured that the customer’s complaint was handled at first point of contact.
 ensured client retention through quality customer service.
pakistan telecommunication ltd. lahore - jun’ 07 to dec' 07
customer care executive
 worked in the company’s broadband department answering clients’ queries about the
dsl service.
 handled calls regarding basic trouble shooting.

experience

founder at actuane technologies
march 2020 – present
 introducing iot based smart home products in the local market.
 looking after online presence, including but not limited to handling the website, social media
presence.
customer success & product import manager aurea software
october 2019 – march 2020
 onboarding new customers, getting involved with them immediately after the sales is finalized and
then collaborating with them as a dedicated point of contact and see through their success and
ensure that the onboarding has been completed successfully.
 as a customer success manager my responsibilities also included training customers on the product
during the onboarding phase.
 as a product import manager, i created a scope and a project plan for product import, which would
streamline the process for all future products which would be brought into the team's portfolio.
 also lead the technical team for a brief while, streamlining their processes and helping the team to
meet their deadlines while polishing their skills.
enterprise technical support – tier 2 aurea software
june 2015 – september 2019 4 years 4 months
 senior enterprise technical support engineer for messageone email management services email
continuity, aurea email security anti-spam solution and messageone alertfind emergency
notification system at aurea software.
 receiving escalations from the customer facing team for complex issues.
 interacting internally with the operations, engineering, and qa teams as per requirement.
 interactive and training sessions with customers, customer facing and other internal teams to fill-in
the knowledge gap.
 creating user manuals and knowledge base articles both internal and external to fill-in the gaps in
the products documentation.
 delivering results in a dynamic and fast-paced metric driven environment

it executive at dofreeze llc
september 2012 - june 2015 2 years 10 months
 end-user support for more than 40 terminals for office staff.
 complete deployment and implementation of the sales and distribution system software
invan/incube for the organization, looking after all the aspects, from dealing with vendors to the
end user support which included training users and salesmen.
 reporting all the bugs to the developers and getting them fixed.
 generating difference sorts of reports for current progress and future forecasts.
 took part in the deployment of focus rt accounting software.
 proposed solutions for increasing the efficiency of the network and simplifying n centralizing the file
sharing solution.
 deployment of dfs for file sharing and data security in case of disaster.
 deployment of rd web access for certain applications self-research.
it manager at webitech
july 2010 - august 2012 2 years 2 months
 managing the it infrastructure including it support operations
 providing technical consultancy to the clients
 deployment of infrastructure at client sites analyzing current requirements and future forecasts.
 offering solutions based on requirements and infrastructure evaluation.
 server and os management
 firsthand practice with active directory using windows server 2003, 2008 & sbs 2003.
 handling exchange servers including exchange 2007 and exchange 2010.
 firsthand practice with dfs on windows server 2008.
 firsthand practice managing asterisk server using different tools and some in-house r&d.
it officer at dawnnews tv
january 2007 - january 2010 3 years 1 month
 performing duties as shift officer and managing monthly rosters.
 creating monthly reports for my team progress and achievements.
 meeting internal slas and ensuring that the team meets their metrics.
 providing technical support to on-premise and intranet terminals
 training junior staff and new hires to improve performance and results.
 scheduled health checks and routine monitoring for all the critical systems and servers.
 administering apple computers including mac pros, imacs, macbook pros, macbooks for managed
user environment and assigning specific rights to users as per the company policy and user
requirements.
 managing and providing support for apple and windows computers simultaneously and remotely.
 managing clients and policies for mail and domain using active directory and mdaemon for mail.
 installation and management of xserve for different services as afp, open directory, smb, printer
sharing,
 internet sharing, xgrid research only, and etc.
 installation of macos and other software as per different users’ specific requirements.
 windows installation and managing computers from domain, creating, and implementing policies.
 building up xraid and assigning specific rights to users as per requirements.
 dealing with ftp, footages sending/receiving and correspondence with the relevant department and
clients.
 creating and setting rights for ftp users/incoming traffic.
 administering octopus news.
 setting up users in octopus news news flow system according to their responsibilities. assigning
appropriate rights to all users.
 managing switches, creating vlans, keeping track of nodes from client-end to the switch.
more experience details are on my linkedin profile.

client service manager
digital shift
from jun 2018 to present
client service manager
firebolt 63
from nov 2016 to jun 2018
client service, shoot coordinator
black box concepts
from sep 2015 to oct 2016
sales agent
bilkish associates, deira, dubai - uae
from jan 2014 to aug 2015
customer representative
sheikh pipe mills – lahore pakistan
from jan 2012 to may 2014
business development officer
warid telecom – lahore pakistan
from june 2008 to aug 2010
2018-present
• senior fashion/textile designer at one by
shahkam industries
2016- 2018
• attended express design meeting in hong
kong with newyork designers
• fashion/textile designer at shahkam
industries directly worked with international
brands zara,
next, express, aeo, bohoo, stradivarius,
jcpenney, celio, meijer, okaidi
• directly worked with r&d department, create new
fabrications, washes techniques and make
inspiration’s technical sheets and their prototypes for
international brands.
• directly involved in pp meetings with international
buying houses.
• directly worked with vendors
pattern making
2015-2016
• lecturer at university of sargodha
subjects taught
cad, product design, screen printing
fashion illustration, design studio,
supervised thesis
2014-2015
• internship at noor fatimah mills faisalabad
during educational time
• drama society puppeteer in national
college of arts
• participated in debate society
• abstract calligraphy with jamshaid qaisar
2018- 2020
• masters in multimedia national college of arts
2014- 2015
• interior designing from national college of arts
2009- 2013
• bachelor of fine arts bfa major textile design university of azad jammu and
kashmir
muzaffarabad
2007- 2019
• f.sc pre-engineering federal board of intermediate and secondary education
islamabad from punjab college of science
2005- 2007
• matriculation from progressive public-school sargodha

experience:
• nishat linen – sr. fashion designer           august, 2016 –present
• team lead export u.a.e department
o jalabiya designing uae market.
o nishat pret designing.
o research & development for nishat dubai market
o silhouette research & development
o technicalities, finishing and designs for production
o nisha, unstitch range designing. for shoot and catalog,
o digital and rotary prints for nishat pret.
o embroidery research and development.
o ppc & fashion studio coordinator.
• naurangg couture – assistant fashion designer september 2015 –march, 2016
o fashion illustration development and designing
o embroidery research and development
o customer dealing and order taking
• nishat linen - internship                        august,2015  1 month
o print developments
o embroidery developments
o cuts developments
• tours:
o business tour to istanbul.
▪ marketing exhibition for le frères  3 days

work experiences
2020 - todate   republic   lahore
fashion designer
luxury | formal | unstitched
2017 - 2019   limelight   lahore
fashion designer
pret designing | formal | unstitched | cutlines
2014 to 2016   emaan adeel   lahore
head, design department
responsible for concept design to the final product
designed formal wear & digital lawn prints and embroidery
incharge of recruitment | training | procurement related to sampling |
studio & outdoor shoots
2012-2014   motifz    lahore
lead designer
layouting | sketch making | ada work | color scheming | stitching patterns |
market survey and purchasing
2010-2012   pamco   lahore
chief coordinator one year
managed & arranged women gatherings, trainings & events
provided trainings sessions to 1000s of women regarding kitchen
gardening & creative lifestyles in model town, lahore for the pamco
under the supervision of cm punjab in punjab agriculture & meat co.
2009-2010  university of greenwich, uk pakistan
recruitment officer
advised 1000s of pakistani students on higher education procedures and assisted
in conducting            5-star seminars & exhibitions in karachi, lahore, islamabad,
pindi, gujranwala, sargodha etc.
freelance projects
project based designer
time to time worked on various articles/design/projects for different brands
unstitched | formal | chiffon | luxury | lawn
2009   top designs   lahore
personal project 25 designs
designing of western dresses for prive manufacturer from germany
2009     hajra hayat  lahore
boutique supervisor
client handling | order building | illustrations creation
2008   generation   lahore
internee
received 3 months internship

experience
zafees 2 months internship as fashion designer
ms tauguisha 1 year work as a free lancer

work experience

mpkstud!o
sapphire i gulahmad i mahpara khan sept 2017 - jan 2020
team lead fashion
origins ready to wear
nov 2016 - sept 2017
senior fashion designer
firdous cloth mills
jan 2016- nov 2016
senior fashion designer
nishat linen
june 2014 - jan 2016
fashion designer
4bnf
march 20 1 3 -  june 2014
team lead fashion
kayser!a
june 2012 - nov 2012
textile designer
0332-4231883
nooray.h@gmail.com
house # 340. sector-b
street # 30, askari 1 1
lahore
exhibitions internships workshops
thesis external juror
nairang trilingual dialogue-1
university of management and technology
exhibited artworks at alhamra arts council
sialkot
oct20111junc2011
junc2019
daachi arts and crafts
internships
nov 2017 i april 2017 i nov 2016
hsy i fahad hussayn
july 2011 1july 2010
lahore international
bridal couture week
tourism expo
ushering l managing i coordinating
april 2014
with designers backstage
20!0 12011
conducted a fashion workshop young leaders entrepreneurial summit
at the new school lahore university of management scicnces
dec 2011 feb 2008

work experience

sr. fashion/textile designer
sassi design office by maha traders
02/2020 - present,
managing resources in design team / responsible for design
projects execution
making fashion illustrations / sketching
textile prints lawn and winter volume
chiffon pret embroidery
manage all social media presence of the company
sr. fashion designer/production manager
mannat by shehnila
04/2019 - 01/2020,
responsible for planning and directing the design projects
to visit each section time to time and check the working of staff
to ensure smooth working of each section of production
department
to ensure sampling and production of designs
visit each stitching unit to ensure proper workflow
responsible to manage stock in fashion pakistan lounge
responsible for guidance of in-house workers
managing all social media handles
fashion designer
hana clothing
01/2018 - 04/2019,
making fashion sketches and illustrations
making pret, bridal and ready to wear
to ensure sampling and production of designs
fashion/textile designer
wq print studio
10/2016 - 06/2018,
lahore, pakistan
trade fare 2020 collection
working for international fair
ncba&e art exhibition 2017
lawn volume designer for mini brand islamabad
2017
job and experience:
 worked at nishat linen organization as designer in design studio
 worked at call centre in ptcl company
 worked at beacon house school as teacher

professional experiences:
chinyere bareeze, sefam     aug, 2019-present
• fashion designer at chinyere formals
• deciding the direction for the collection
• working on the colour palette for each season
• working on the design sketches and fabrication
• giving directions to the motive developer and multi head puncher for
the designs
• giving directions for machine and adda work
• presenting the complete design range to the ceo every season
• forwarding the approved designs with tech packs to the production
department
dapaali couture      2016-july,2019
• creative head at a womenswear, make-to-order, designer-wear label
responsibilities:
• deciding the direction for the designs
• approving colour palette
• finalising the design sketches
• finalising the fabrication
• sample approving
• giving go-ahead for the production
• approving inline production quality
• approving finished garment
pepperland hkb  boys range      2015
• design manager for the boys range 9 yrs to 14 yrs
responsibilities:
• deciding the direction for the designs
• approving colour palette
• sketching designs
• finalising the graphics for the t-shirts
• approving the tech-packs
• working on the size sheets
• approving samples
crossroads      2009-2016
• head designer at a street-wear brand menswear & womanswear
responsibilities:
• selection of theme at the beginning of each season
• deciding colour palette
• giving design direction to the team
• finalising designs and graphics
• approving designs and graphics
• approving tech packs
• meeting the design merchandiser to place the tech packs
• approving samples
• official visit to guangzhou, china for international buying
noir:      2012-2016
• head designer at an evening-wear formal line “noir” at crossroads
foreign buying:
• design manager assigned for foreign buying at crossroads and noir
shoot campaigns
• working as a stylist for the above mentioned brands in photo-shoots

experience   3 years
https://www.usmclothing.com/ 2.3 years
design lead
dec 2018 - mar 2021
nishat textile 1 year
textile artist
nov 2017 - nov 2018
archi dot 3 months
interior designer
aug 2017 - nov 2017
hsy 2 months
fashion designer / textile designer
jul 2017 - sep 2017
hira terry mills pvt limited 11 months
assistance supervisor
aug 2013 - jul 2014
projects
photoshoot art direction monarchy ™
https://monarchy.pk/
photoshop, mind map, decorative objects ,wall hangings, models, lights,
work history
https://www.usmclothing.com/ dec 2018 - mar 2021   2.3 years
design lead lahore, pakistan
i am working as a lead textile designer at usm clothing my responsibilities are.
nishat textile nov 2017 - nov 2018   1 year
textile artist lahore, pakistan
in nishat linen, i am working as a textile artist only responsible for the design construction, fabric forecasting, fashion forecasting,
archi dot aug 2017 - nov 2017   3 months
interior designer lahore, pakistan
i am working as an interior decorator in archi dot. create wall hangings, windows for brands. the most prominent project is national music
academy.
hsy jul 2017 - sep 2017   2 months
fashion designer / textile designer lahore, pakistan
tracing embroidery designs and sourcing material from markit
hira terry mills pvt limited aug 2013 - jul 2014   11 months
assistance supervisor lahore, pakistan
my job is here to examine ist sample in terms of warp and weft. and bring the report to the supervisor to give me permission to start
production
projects
photoshoot art direction nov 2020 - dec 2020 1 month
company: monarchy ™ / hassan qureshi
https://monarchy.pk/

work experience
jan 2018- jan 2020        senior textile designer at arora by roma
▪ print and design constructing
▪ quality assurance of fabric at time of collection
▪ market survey for continues professional development
▪ reconciliation based on fabric
▪ product photographer
▪ communication to vendor.
sept 2017-oct 2017        internship at kohinoor textile mills limited rawalpindi
▪ observed the process of design development to screen development in
engraving department.
▪ quality assurance of fabric at physical laboratory department.
▪ observed the process of sample testing.
▪ assisted in conceptualizing, designing, creating, producing and product
development.
july 2014–aug 2014      internee at askari bank limited
▪ directly reported to the head cashier.
▪ observed the procedure of recording & processing terms deposits, fixed
▪ cash closing reports on a date-wise basis
▪ verified signatures on prior to cheques encashment.
▪ accounts:
▪ recording proper cash receipts in system under supervision of head
cashier.
▪ transfer of funds from one place to anotherpay orders and pay demands
▪ obc/clearing
▪ maintaining atm rolls date-wise.

experience
fashion designer, taleen by hamza siddique
i have been working as corporate internee as a fashion designer at taleen by hamza siddique
for two months in 2019.
social worker, district headquators hospital.
i have been working with dhq hospital gujranwala as a social worker in 2018. my duties were
including special services to the patients and raised funds for dar ul emaan center.
usher, pakistan fashion design council
i have been working as usher in pfdc l’oreal paris bridal weak 2015 in front stage
management team 2015.
event director, punjab group of colleges
i have been working as an event director in punjab group of colleges. i conducted farewells and
welcome parties of college campus.

job : graphic designer
work experience
2019 - present fankaar khana company
amazon listing design, images manipulate, flyer,
infographics
job : sr. graphic designer
2015 - 2019 loyal soft solutions company
web templates, banner designs, images manipulate,
wordpress
job : sr. web designer
2011 - 2015 flight tickets company
create websites and mantaine web sites, flyers,
posters, search engine optimizaton

experience
1. bunny’s limited lhr:  feb n mar     graphic designer   2018
2. allied school model town a bwp           art teacher                2011
3. govt. special education jppw 14bs     art teacher            2009
4. united bank limited bwp                              lso                 2008

graphic designer | upwork freelance
upwork is a global online marketplace offering tasks and services, be-
ginning at a cost of $5-$1000+ per job performed, from where it gets
its name.
january 2019 -  present
• created designs, concepts and sample layouts based on knowledge of
layouts and aesthetic design concepts.
• worked as graphic designer specialized in adobe photoshop  for flyers,
brochures, logos, and web design.
• created digital illustrations for website layouts.
• prepared hand and digital illustrations for t-shirt design
• repeated pattern designs on adobe illustartor for client.
• created thumbnails for 3 different youtube channels.
• conceptualized logo design, gif animation, videos, websites, and social
media channels to promote product brand.
• developed creative advertising content for various media, including flyers,
instagram posts, posters and banner images while ensuring maximum brand
awareness of target audience/market.
• 2d animated videos: motion graphics and simple animation videos.
experience

2d animator | zj animation studio
march 2019 -  present
• work as 2d animator for zj animation youtube channel.
• create custom illustration for video graphics
• edit videos in aftereffects; align timings of audio and texts accurately while
preparing a creative video thumbnails for uploading.
assistant fashion designer/stylist | hinash by hina salman
april 2020 - september 2020
• prepared illustrations and rough sketches of fashion illustrations,
• discussed with clients their preferences and customized according to their
needs.
• organized and managed various campaigns and displayed collections on
behalf of hinash.
social media handling
august 2020 - december 2020
• managed instagram and facebook pages for skingen.com, skin clinic by
neelam saher and skin healers.
• developed creative content for clients’ social media pages.
• collabrated closely with the management team to understand customer’s
need to create effective content.
• developed social media strategies to promote companies’ products and
increase followers.
personal projects
• digital pattern designing’s of dresses for a campaign.
• creative head for a campaign based on rajistani theme.
• led a fashion shoot in thar for the campaign sited above.
• led the creative process and developed contemporary style themed dress.
• led a campaign shoot in karachi.
• worked on a personal collection of 5 dresses, from designing to execution
of the dresses.

experience
irfan younas fine art wedding
image editing 4 month
rehan software house
layout designing 1 month
webitech corporation
graphic designing continue

games ui designer2018 feb-continued
internee graphics designer2018 jan-feb
work experience

june 2016 aug 2016
corel draw in pageadobe photoshop
• logo
ecom pvt.  ltd
360 technologies
• create the logo
• ui/ux design
• color manipulate
• mock-up creation
• video animation
• create the design accordingly to  ebay, amazone rules
• manage the work flow• create the lifestyle images
• social media banners instagram, facebook, twitter
• ebc  images and banner for the amazon and ebay
• flex designed
• create the animation
• ui/ux design
• create the 3d mock-up • create the website images
• manage the work flow
• social media banners instagram, facebook, twitter• create the animation
• product images editing/retouching
• orientation of data• color correction
• social media post
• newsletter • product literature designed
• design the standee banner
sep 2016 jan 2017
waseem studio • photo editing/retouching
sep 2016 jan 2017
waseem studio • photo editing/retouching
• design the indian album
• work with brand like generation and also local
client for photoshoot plus creates the product
image for social media and for website.
jan 2017 nov 2018
medipakpharma
nov 2018 nov 2019
clearpath orthodontics


experience
2019 - present vantage printers
graphic designer
catered to creative artwork including corporate annual
reports, label and packaging designs, logo design,
corporate branding and other print media designs.
2018 packages limited lahore
pre press graphic designer
arranging the artwork of carton packaging according
to	the	offset	machine	limitations	and	applying
techniques to make them more attractive and
functional.
2017 - 2018 digital agencies
opus communication, brandzila
graphic designer
creating	mostly	social	media	ad	designs	for	different
brands	including	coffee	planet,	ceres	fruit	juice,	diet	by
design,	profine,	roosters,	etc.
references on request

experience
jan 2020 - present graphic designer ui designer
rebrand, lahore, pakistan
i'm senior graphic designer at rebrand. my responsibilities in rebrand are web layouts
designs brand identity & stationary design print collateral designs like brochure, flyer,
business card etc social media posts
may 2019 - jan 2020 graphic designer ui designer
thecustomboxes, lahore, pakistan
i was team leader at tcb. my responsibilities included web layout designs logo
designing print collateral designs packaging designs social media post designs
jun 2018 - mar 2019 ui designer
millions miles tech, lahore, pakistan
i was ui designer at mmt. my responsibilities included apps ui designs game ui
designs games/apps logo, icon, mockup & banner.

experience
c o n s i l i u m   r e m o t e 
nov 2018 -  dec 2018
graphic designer
s o f t  g l o b a l  t e c h
feb 2019 -  apr 2020
web / graphic designer
t a r i q  g l a s s  i n d u s t r i e s  l t d
june 2020 -  current
assistant manager graphic designer

experience
optiwise, bhatta chowk, lhr— graphic designer
oct 2020 - present
swift solutions, gulberg— graphic designer
feb 2019 - sept 2020
mindslab, gulberg— frontend developer
feb 2017 - feb 2019

projects
batransfer, peurika, fazal din pharma plus,
optiwise solutions, agr tech, sania’s signature
salon, sujag, neo dental hub, ab hair
salon, gibs
all designs and visuals posted and used in these brands are designed
by me.

experience
dec 2019 - present senior graphic designer
brazos grafix, lahore, usa
i am perfotional graphic designer
sep 2019 - present graphic designer /animation gif video
solution surface, lahore, pakistan
i am perfotional graphic designer
aug 2018 - sep 2019 graphic designer /animation gif
ja tech inc, lahore, pakistan
i am perfotional graphic designer
projects
solution surface
http://www.solutionsurface.com
solution surface company website design

portfolio
https://www.behance.net/waqascreative
to
https://www.behance.net/mrhamzazahid
portfolio link

experience
i had worked closely with many clients to create
vision, conceive designs and consistently meet
deadlines and requirements. i had also worked in
“w group” and “confinito media” as a graphic
designer.
creative graphic designer with innovative ideas and a
unique approach to visuals and i am also a social media
marketer. more than one  year of experience in
developing designs for print media, online websites,
videos, and advertisments. solid understanding of
marketing principles and advertising techniques.
great attention to detail and a talent for creating
memorable visual designs.

professional
history:
graphic design lead
youngshaper's
april 2020 - september 2020
i voluntarily worked for
youngshaper's. the tasks that
were assigned to me included;
posts for instagram and
facebook. i was also asked to
design a newspaper ad. which
was published in the local
newspaper. other than these, i
designed badges and posters for
marketing and merchandise.
i worked with them from the
beginning to the end of their
project and played a role in the
social media management as
well.
graphic designer current
london college of
professional studies
november 2020 - present
i was tasked to design posts for
instagram, facebook, google,
etc.
i made promotional videos for
the educational courses, and
animated social media posts.
oher than this, i was also a part
of the content writing and
social media management
team.

experience
oct 2019 - dec 2020 graphic designer
aimfit fitness studio, lahore, pakistan
excellent
apr 2019 - jul 2019 graphic designer
bravo cabs, lahore, pakistan
feb 2019 - apr 2019 graphic designer
saba soft, lahore, pakistan

experience
american lycetuff
february 2018 - present
graphic designer
dnk school system
qurasheez designs
2019 - present
graphic designer
self owned company - freelancing
designing exposure - national & international
al-ilm academy
july 2019 - present
assistant organizer
rise to success
arban store
social media marketer

2017-2018
work experience
2017-2018
2020-2021
graphic designer
ui/ux graphic designer
sr graphic designer at
topnotch innovative technologies.
sr graphic designer at webworks.pk
2018-2020
junior artistjr web arist at
topnotch innovative technologies.
puri  fabrics
2016 logo shoes
2018 humdard

walter ad agency as a graphic designer
in creative dept ------- 2 months internship
sigma refrigeration pvt ltd as a graphic
designer in creative dept ------- 1 year
fruitien as a graphic designer
in design dept ------- 2 years
whimsical as a graphic designer 3 months
enablers as a graphic designer current

