contact
lahore district

contact
languages
english full professional
urdu native or bilingual
hindi full professional

certifications
fundamentals of digital marketing
manager, customer success at musharp
lahore district
summary

i look  forward  to joining an organization  that provides me career
growth and a
challenging  work  environment.  an  organization  where  i  can
develop  a  long-term  career  with
and a role that always keeps me on my toes, is highly dynamic, has
a high learning curve and
challenges me on a daily basis.

as a customer service representative i am personable good at
building loyal relationships, resolving and helping resolving the
problems, assisting colleagues and increasing sales. i also excel
in listening to customer needs, articulating product benefits and
creating solutions that provide value to the customer. as a client
relationship manager, i've understood and pinned "attention
to detail", "ability to understand process needs and workforce
management" and "client satisfaction" to my professional wall .
contact
lahore

objective:
to enhance my working capacities, professional skills, business efficiencies and to serve my organization
in best possible way with complete determination and commitment.

achievements:
 merit certificate awarded by daraz.pk in appreciation of commitment to self-development in
knowledge, skills and attitudes.
 merit certificate awarded by daraz.pk in appreciation of achieving best csats for the year

reference:
furnished upon request.

references
available upon request.

industry knowledge
✓ customer services/experience ✓ customer satisfaction/retention
✓ operations management ✓ project management
✓ business development ✓ project planning
✓ business analysis ✓ financial analysis
✓ consumer behavior ✓ business strategy
✓ market research ✓ international marketing
✓ branding ✓ sales & online sales
✓ brand awareness ✓ digital media
✓ ecommerce ✓ digital marketing
interpersonal skills
✓ time management ✓ team management
✓ team work ✓ team building
other skills
✓ elevators & escalators ✓ services marketing
✓ organizational behavior ✓ growth marketing
✓ enterprise marketing ✓ ad serving
✓ outdoor marketing ✓ social media marketing
▪ responsible for sales & operations related to elevators & escalators of otis elevators www.otis.com in
punjab & islamabad, as my company is authorized dealer of otis elevators usa in pakistan.
▪ projects of otis elevators usa; synergy health shift, gulberg, lhr. penta square dha project, phase v,
dha, lhr.
▪ projects of sodimas elevators france; government medical college & hospital, gujranwala.
h.a.s elevators www.haselevators.com
▪ best employee award for 2016 & 2017 at h.a.s elevators as i reduced the marketing as well as administration
cost of the company by 60% each year along with increase in annual revenue by 30%.
▪ introduced & developed product ids, that helped company to present their products what required.
▪ introduced new & creative marketing tools digital media, e-mail marketing and other atl & btl activities.
▪ developed standard operating procedures for marketing, customer service, international communication &
business development.
▪ introduced after sale services that creates positive word of mouth for company.
▪ employee of the month in october & november 2013 out of 600 employees
▪ many times, in top 30 employees list of monthly psm out of 600 employees
▪ promoted;
prepaid to 789 queue, 789 to postpaid queue, postpaid to platinum queue priority services, platinum queue
inbound to 4g-lte project outbound
▪ member of phone banking team who become no.1 i-banking sales team 2009
▪ many times, in top employees list of monthly psm
▪ implemented a new process that streamlined daily procedures and reduced average processing time by 2
hours.
▪ superbly led over 35 personnel to exceed standards while accomplishing our organization's mission
▪ expert computer skills in ms office word, powerpoint, excel & outlook
▪ self-starter, self-motivated, dedicated and committed power hours: 3 in morning and 6 from afternoon to
evening.
▪ ability to work under pressure, hardworking and enjoy a dynamic and challenging work environment.
reference
▪ will be provided on request.

a skilled professional having diverse experience of customer services, management and
marketing.
workshops & training

training workshop “culture of excellence:
training workshop “a better everyday"
training workshop “the power of positive thinking"
training workshop "feedback and coaching"

customer success | project management | technical consultancy | tailored solutions
customer success | project management | technical consultancy | tailored solutions
specialties:
 plan and implement projects and products
 defining project scope, goals & deliverables
 evaluating potential risks
 working on multiple projects simultaneously

resume objective contact
client service with 8+ years of experience organizing
presentations, preparing proposals, contracts. handling client’s
briefs and getting it done with the concern department, majorly
handling client and design team.

industry: creative advertising agency
company profile: digital shift is one window solution for all your digital
marketing needs that encompass but not limited to internet marketing
solutions and online marketing services. our customized solutions are tailor
made for each client to improve their top and bottom line growth.
website: http://www.digitalshift.pk
industry: creative ad agency
company profile: firebolt 63 is an agency which is handling creative and
digital side for clients, in which my job description was to handle the
clients directly for the design work that was supposed to be delivered , the
clients i had were some of the major clients of pakistan , which included
hardees, burger paints etc.
website: http://www.firebolt63.com
industry: creative ad agency
company profile: black box concepts is and organization which is handling
the creative and social media for the clients, they are handling the websites
and doing marketing for the clients as well. my job was to handle five
major clients, along with that i was supposed to manage all the shoots, in
which had to arrange the models, make-up artist, locations.
website : http://www.blackboxconcepts.com.pk
 general administration
 client service / customer
support
 team management
industry: telecom service
company profile: bilkish is an organization providing credit & debt
recovery services to various financial institutions and telecom companies
with a representation across 13 countries across the globe and 22 strategic
locations across india.
website: http://www.bilkish.com
industry: pipe manufacturers
company profile: shaikh pipe mills is a one of the manufactures of steel
pipes in karachi and lahore.
website: http://www.shaikhgroupofcompanies.com
industry: telecom industry
company profile: warid telecom is a 100% owned company of the abu dhabi
group and offers state-of-the-art telecommunication services at over 7,000
destinations in pakistan. warid telecom launched its cellular services in
pakistan in may 2005. as an organization, warid telecom prides itself in being
contemporary, approachable and constantly innovating. with achievements
ranging from having one of the largest postpaid bases, most loved youth &
prepaid brands, international roaming and nationwide coverage, warid
telecom's selection of value added services makes communication effective
and enjoyable
website: http://www.waridtel.com
participation in various activities
like sports, science fairs and quiz
competitions at school and
college level.
 handling social media

bilal
ali
profile
textile/fashion designer
mobile: 03414315155
03184400593
email: bilalbaz91@hotmail.com
:
/in/bilal-ali-95a288a8
objective
to gain a challenging position in a
progressive textile designing house
where my designing skills and
experience will have valuable
application in the growth of the
organization.
reference/portfolio
will provide on demand

laraib fatemah
ph#:0306-0227498   e-mail:laraib.fatemah@gmail.com
objective
to secure a position in the textile & fashion design industry where i can learn advanced design techniques and
gain knowledge of industry best practices.
projects:


▪ portfolio of dyeing & printing
o created thematic textile art designs.  mood board inspired projects
o developed art designs on fabric using screen printing, block printing, shibori and batik technique.
▪ portfolio of fashion illustration
o created figure drawings.
o achieved fashion illustrations through elements & principles of designs, garment details and through
source of inspiration using oil pastels, poster paints, crayons, water based pencil colors, embossed paints,
acrylic paints, oil paints and 3d techniques.
▪ portfolio of draping
o draped fitted & ease pleat blouses, basic darts, yokes, collars, skirts & sleeves.

▪ portfolio of art & design
o created art appreciation pieces based on principles & elements of art formal balance, informal
balance, radial balance & texture
o performed a study of color wheel color wheel, color schemes, value, intensity, advancing
& receding colors and warm & cool colors
honors & certifications
high achiever's medal in matriculation 2010
presbyterian education board lahore, pakistan.
major reports:
▪ thesis:
o developing adaptive clothing features for children suffering from cerebral palsy through color
therapy.
reference:
available on request.

address
321-b, pak arab housing society,
lahore cantt. punjab,
pakistan
contact
+92 321 4223018
madiha.bakhsh@gmail.com
madiha  bakhsh  jawed
objectives
to sincerely submit my spirits and energies as fashion designer to ensure
efficiency & spark creativity in your organization. if you enable me, i will
productively contribute to any projects or procedures of the apparel industry
through my design concepts, broad knowledge and unique skillset alongwith a
satisfactory performance.
personal
details
religion:  islam
marital status:  single
domicile:  lahore
nationality:  pakistani
cnic no:  35201-1030311-2
date of birth:  02-11-1989
father’s name:  m. bakhsh jawed
references available on request

madiha bashir
fashion designer
a fasion designer with a keen interest in cad, fashion sketching, pattern making, draping
sewing. i'm able to handle multiple task on a daily basis. i’m always energetic to learn new skills.
about me
fashion designing
from dandy school of fashion design
+92 305 414 2946 madi9871@gmail.com
contact
projects
thesis inspired by dandelion project done with complete accessorized dresses
draping project using digital print technique
draping project with different cuts and dart manipulate
stitching project with creating unique stitches and cuts

noor-ul-ain haider
team lead fashion

awards i  honors

campaign designs
nishat saawan range
july 2015
dcan's honor list
2011
studied on scholarship
2008-2012
objective
seeking a career oriented job where i am cxposed to new challenges
everyday so that i can enhance my skills to    the fullest and produce the
best out of them. i believe in creating something new  yet leaving an
impact in whatever i design. i would define myself as a consistent,
loyal, ambitious, smart and a confident individual.
reference
available on request

rabia mirza
sr. textile/ fashion designer
to work in a dynamic professional environment with a growing organization and utilize my creative and
innovative thinking for benefit of the organization and myself.
rabiamirza446@outlook.com 03237709311 lahore, pakistan
certificates
street/wall art projects 2019
2nd position at craft exhibition 2017
official event sponsor at express news 2017
best selling crafts 2016
interests


photography painting street art
sketching organizing art exhibitions
travelling
job responsibility
job responsibility
achievements/tasks

mobile: 03090540557
email: ridaashahid1@gmail.com
rida shahid
career objective:
to have growth oriented and challenging career, where i can contribute my knowledge and
skills to the organization and enhance my experience through continuous learning and team
work.
area of interest:
 sketching dress designs
 developing skills about different software’s
 printing on fabrics using techniques
 volunteer work
 travelling and music
saad rais                                                phone: +92-345-4040842
fashion designer                                                 email: saad.rais123@gmail.com
address: house-157, ghauri
block, sector-b, bahria , lhr
career objective:
looking for a position in a fashion based company, where i can implement my
best creative, design and management skills for the betterment of the
industry.
hobbies:
• sketching
• instagramming
• music/movies
• photography
• traveling
references available on request
sardar ijlal haider
design lead at https://www.usmclothing.com/
curiosity is my nature. i am not only design patterns or textiles i really love to design the
whole fashion value chain.
contact info
+923345360923
sijlalhaider007@gmail.com✉
https://www.usmclothing.com/
51b street no 13 paracha street
shah jamal lahore
lahore, pakistan

• producing concepts
• making sketches by hand or on the computer
• developing patterns
• overseeing production
• analysing trends in fabrics, colors, and shapes.
• sourcing suppliers
• selecting and buying fabrics and trims
• adapting existing designs for mass production
 awards
best theatre actor | 2013
industries
textiles/garments
functional areas*
creative design
hobbies
singing
acting
humman philosophy
• supervising the making up of sample garments
• quality control
tools: photoshop, mind map, decorative objects ,wall hangings, models, lights,
in this project, i am responsible for all the sets, and managing the whole shoot.

personal               sehrish sheraz butt
information:               house number cb712-c, lane no.5,
st no.6, main peshawar road rawalpindi.
00923325462733
sehrish.butt06@gmail.com
communication skills
• good communication skills gained through my experience of working
with different organizations.
• excellent in dealing with customer queries in one to one meeting and
over the phone as well.
reference available upon request


zaib naveed
fashion designer
phone: 03324499487  email: zaibnaveed478@gmail.com
being a young and aspiring student i am to work with a highly reputed company to gain organizational
experience and knowledge where i can enhance my creativity, aesthetic sense and management skills.
interest
• sketching
• reading
• exploring
reference
• will be furnished on demand.

about me


hi, i am shahzad ahmed and i am graphic
designer and working in designing field
since 2003.
working gives me a lot of skills and experi-
ence that i believe make me best suited for
the job position that is being offered with a
position of graphic designer. highly
creative and multitalented graphic design-
er with extensive experience in print
design. exceptional collaborative and
interpersonal skills.
reference available
more data available

graphic designer, 2d n 3d animator
i am a freshly qualified postgraduate creative designer with
highly developed communication and learning capacity to do
work for grooming myself in this field. i have an artistic ability
of painting, sketching, designing and animation. i have well
knowledge of soft wares which are mentioned under and
passionately wishing to utilize these skills in a professional
setting.

certificates
1. consolation prize certificate in painting competition from old
sadique degree college for girls bwp.
2. stage decoration certificate from punjab university’s hostel # 1
lhr.
hobbies:
music.  movies.
games.  shopping.
designing. sleeping.
reference
available  on  request.

profile
creative and self-taught talented individual with 2 years of experience
in graphic designing. with hands on experience in handling many simul-
taneous creative design projects. in search of oppurtunity to enhance
customer engagement through my vigilant attention to emrging social
media outlets and my awareness of the latest social media trends.
seeking to secure an exciting and challenging graphic designer position
in your organization to utilize my passion using creative ideas of ever
changing and demanding industry.
social media management
• instagram
• facebook
soft skills
• design and conceptual
• eye for detail
• sense of style and color
• competitive spirit
• communication
• time management
• conflict resolution
• sketching
• reading history novels
• fitness

personal profile
father’s name:
date of birth:
cnic:
nationality:
marital status:
intrests
computing, teaching, book
reading, socializing, traveling,
reciting & bowling.
career objectives
good coordination abilities to engage people and build relationship with
them for the growth and betterment of the organization & having the
strong tact’s for development & implementation of the strategies.
references
available on request.

hobbies
contact
about me
a mixture of right brain creativity
and left brain logic. i have a passion
for web & graphic design because it
combines artistic imagination with
analytical problem solving. i’m
dedicated to creating designs that
sets the client apart from their
competition and provide the
functionally that is to their business.
address
phone
e-mail
1st. january 1995
date of birth

research & projects


• copywriting - poem
wrote a poem on history of art movement
‘the bahaus’
• campaign design
designed a campaign on dalda olive
oil using paper quilling technique and
symbols of ancient times
• packaging redesign
proposed unilever new, functional
and aesthetically appealinng
packaging designs
profile
“as an ambitious and hard-working individual, i take great pride in design
work i create and always strive to deliver an effective, focused and on-
target product. i can handle multiple tasks  on daily basis competently,
working well under the pressure. my career goals are to continue
education and skills to benefit an organization. i would welcome the
opportunity to discuss my suitability in more detail.
cgpa: 3.48
research
after hours

graphic designer ui designer
summary
graphic  design  specialist  with  3+  years  of  experience  in  the  management  of  the  complete  design  process,  from
conceptualization to delivery. skilled with adobe creative suite photoshop, illustrator, xd & premier rush.
i love to design web layouts, brand guidelines, brand identity & stationary, creative brand logos, banners, brochures, flyers,
product labels, business cards, letterheads & other print collateral.

g r a p h i c  &  w e b  d e s i g n e r
about
my goals are achieving the best experience in the
industry and provide my services with full enthu-
siasm and bolster up to my optimum best to industry
and firm.

awards
certified frontend designer by peak
solutions
certified graphic designer by ips uni

senior graphic designer
summary
graphic designer resume template.  highly creative and multitalented graphic designer with extensive experience in
multimedia, logo design, animation and video design . exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills; dynamic team
player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities.

about me
traveling
reading
shooting

leenah
aqeel
graphic designer
contact me: leenahaqeel@hotmail.com
leenahaqeel@gmail.com
executive summary:
i am a design student
who looks at things with
a creative approach. i
believe that every good
design starts with an
even better story. so,
i'm here to turn your
thoughts and ideas into
visually astonishing
designs.

maham shaukat
graphic designer
+92.335.0768125 mahamshaukat@hotmail.com wapda town, lahore, pakistan

graphic designer
objectives
to obtain a challenging position that will allow me to
expand upon my education continue to accumulate
knowledge and to enhance my personality, skills and
career.
personal details
date of birth:
father:
martial status:
n.i.c no.
5 july, 1997
th
muhammad ishfaq
single
35202-8706737-9

a highly talented, driven and flexible graphic designer with a proven record of delivering creative and
innovative design solutions. a proven ability of developing projects from inception through production
to final delivery, ensuring that all work is effective, appropriate and delivered within agreed timescales.
able to work as part of a team with printers, copywriters, photographers, other designers, account executives,
web developers and marketing specialists.
now looking for a suitable graphic designer’s position with an ambitious and high profile company.
sadia javaid hashmi
graphic designer
about me

contact
t .+92-324-4611372
e . sadiajavaid51@gamil.com
volunteer at sarir e khama international calligraphy conference
volunteer at arathorn
participated in world’s longest painting held in lahore
participated in world’s longest poster day held in lahore
2016

graphic
designer
profile achievements
interests/ hobbies
skills & proficiencies
education
experience
software

certified for calligraphy exhibition at
alhamrah art council
2nd position in documentry pyf 2014
as a group project
member in british council
certified for spring festival
certified for painting competition
learning
i’m available to work
graphic designer, self motivated with 4+ years of
experience in the field. i have worked extensively
to produce a project from concept to completion.
a team player, looking to develop my skills. i like
to learn new things and looking for the opportuni-
ty to join a creative team of designers to grow my
knowledge further in the field of graphic design.
